README.md, before:

# cloud-deployment-lab

A barebones Node.js app using [Express 4](http://expressjs.com/).

## Running Locally

Make sure you have [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) and the [Heroku Toolbelt](https://toolbelt.heroku.com/) installed.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/DonSeannelly/cloud-deployment-lab.git # or clone your own fork
cd cloud-deployment-lab
npm install
npm start
```

Your app should now be running on [localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000/).

## Deploying to Heroku (via Heroku CLI)

```
heroku create
git push heroku master
heroku open
```

Alternatively, you can deploy your own copy of the app using the web-based flow:

[![Deploy to Heroku](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

## Documentation

For more information about using Node.js on Heroku, see these Dev Center articles:

- [10 Habits of a Happy Node Hacker](https://blog.heroku.com/archives/2014/3/11/node-habits)
- [Getting Started with Node.js on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs)
- [Heroku Node.js Support](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/nodejs-support)
- [Node.js on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/nodejs)
- [Using WebSockets on Heroku with Node.js](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/node-websockets)

Commit message:

:memo: Add routes to README

README.md, after:

# cloud-deployment-lab

A barebones Node.js app using [Express 4](http://expressjs.com/). Availible routes are `/`, `/greeting`, and `/todo`.

## Running Locally

Make sure you have [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) and the [Heroku Toolbelt](https://toolbelt.heroku.com/) installed.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/DonSeannelly/cloud-deployment-lab.git # or clone your own fork
cd cloud-deployment-lab
npm install
npm start
```

Your app should now be running on [localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000/).

## Deploying to Heroku (via Heroku CLI)

```
heroku create
git push heroku master
heroku open
```

Alternatively, you can deploy your own copy of the app using the web-based flow:

[![Deploy to Heroku](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

## Documentation

For more information about using Node.js on Heroku, see these Dev Center articles:

- [10 Habits of a Happy Node Hacker](https://blog.heroku.com/archives/2014/3/11/node-habits)
- [Getting Started with Node.js on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs)
- [Heroku Node.js Support](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/nodejs-support)
- [Node.js on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/nodejs)
- [Using WebSockets on Heroku with Node.js](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/node-websockets)
